Add lambda nav item (#29422)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/sources/lambda_forwarder.md

---
title: Send Lambda Forwarder Logs to Observability Pipelines
disable_toc: false
---

> This document goes over how to send AWS vended logs with the Datadog Lambda Forwarder to Observability Pipelines. The setup steps are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document walks through how to send AWS vended logs with the Datadog Lambda Forwarder to Observability Pipelines. The setup steps are:
```
small nitpick
